the dacia logan continues to evolve here the
second generation of the low sedan
cost sports a look of the most prominent
and calender and optical blocks him
gives a more aggressive look for
info the front side is identical to that
from the sandero
the rear optics also win
in modernity
three petrol engines are
available catalog is between
other 1 1 liter decline also in
LPG version or a small 3
90 horsepower turbo cylinders
the latter has left is one of the most
nice to use even at low speeds
everything is very good
approval its low engine capacity 8 198
cubic centimeters allows a
mixed consumption relatively
reasonable count 5.2 liters per 100
km on road the suspensions of our
ascain always impresses with their
absorption power and dan him
will pose no problem naturally the
logan can not have butter and
butter money
so dynamism is really not the
strong point of self the cockpit him
also improves the quality of
plastics is now evolving modernity
also invites himself to third parties
thus the multi- function central screen
tactile makes its appearance
however the gps is optional 240
euros
our award- winning high-end finish
offers, among other things, mirrors
electrical settings air conditioning or
still the front electric windows
although it is possible to adjust the
flying high but not deep
and the a6 the driving position is
still too high and not very nice
our logan has nothing to envy to
sedans worthy of the name in terms
roominess
the rear seats are so
generous and the bench accepts without
no problem three passengers
same for the chest that offers a volume
of 510 liters
for comparison this is a value
superior to that which we can
find on a renault laguna or a
audi a4 for example labat ian logan
Teyssieu 90 horses with finishing
laureate is displayed at 10,000 1,800 euros
diesel engines become
accessible as for it from ten
thousand euros 700